oh hello there hi my name is Jordan or
the maple musketeer I have a friend his
name is Dan and he asked me a little
while ago he said Jordan I'm having
trouble strumming I'd showed him some
chords and it came time to play the
music he realized that he was feeling a
little awkward and I said it's okay Dan
I can help you with that and so I was
going to teach him a scrubbing pattern
and I figured when I'm teaching him I
might as well teach everyone else too so
the strumming pattern we're going to
learn today is down down up up down up
and the hand moves the same speed is
just when you poke the strings when you
come closer to hit the string so that's
all we're doing here and I actually
created a little song but for now we're
to learn the strumming pattern we're
using two chords G like this and cheater
C because well we're not cheaters but
we're clever and wise and that's just
moving these two fingers here because
we're not really wearing with that we
want to learn the strumming so what it's
going to sound like I'll play through
once and feel free to play along when
you're at home and watching this or at
work if you have a guitar just sleep you
know quiet or loud so those like this
that's it simple easy
so if Dan will show up sometime we'll
we'll get started
damn depth oh hey hey yeah it's good to
see it
thanks for coming and stopping by bring
your guitar so we're going to do the
strumming song that I invented and so
we're gonna be doing down down up up
down up you feel good oh good
you pumped I'm funky jazz sure alright
okay so it's going to go ready and it
goes like this
you
Oh
so that's a song and you can keep
strumming and I'm gonna keep playing
again
Jessica played the drum a little bit
louder and just keeps drumming along and
keep going and then we will fade out it
feels good you good you good great right
to ministry
and you can learn
this one right
have a great day man drive safely